###SC: Martin receives invitation to dinner
It's already 3 p.m. and I did not each much today. Some snacks and a coffee. And checking my schedule it does not seem better towards the end of this day. I'll check my emails, maybe my friends come to the rescue me. Nice, Susan invited me to dinner at her favorite restaurant. This sounds great! But oh no I am not sure if I can be there on time. Maybe I can rearrange a meeting and then I will answer this invite later. 

At 4 p.m. all my work is done. Now I am sure that I can make it. I open the mail with the invite again and follow the link in the mail to open the web app. Here I confirm my attendence by clicking on a button. After clicking the button, the system asks me whether I would like to order my menu. As we have decided togther with Suzan, book our menu in advance, I press yes. The system switches to the menu. Today I am not sure what to order. I only know that I like noodles today. Hence, I press the noodles button in order to see only dished with noodles. Afterwards I press the my favorite Button. The menu shows afterwards all the dinners I have liked at twitter before - indicated by the red twitter heart next to the dishes. After checking this list with the result, nothing found, I decide to try something new. I will trust the opinion of others. For that I change the filter for the likes to a minimum of 10. Now I only see the dishes which a miminum of 10 people have liked before. I browse through the comments and as I read comments like "awesome" and "best in town" the dish Pad Kee Mao sounds interessting for me. I will take it. As I like pork and spicy, I first add pork by pressing the pork button and then enter a short comment "please, make it spicy" to my dish. After adding it to me order by pressing select, I decide to order a dessert. For that I select the dessert button. The first dish is the sweet banana. I always take it. I add it and I am done. I check the price of 12,50 € and order my menu. After confirming it the system shows a short summary and a barcode refering to my order.  

Looking forward to got there. But, first back to work. Somethings needs to be done. 
